Data set loading and tokenization.
Training starts.
Training loop: several epochs, each epoch has several training batches on which the training step is made and several test batches on which the test step is made.
For each epoch, the loss and accuracy are calculated, as well as the running time.
Graphics are made during training. The graphs show real-time changes in accuracy and loss.
Every fifth epoch a checkpoint is made to save the trained model.
Training for 100 epochs.
The training is over.
An epoch for evaluation.
Examples of correction.
Calculation of the BLEU score (interruption after 5 examples from the validation data set, approximately 2 hours).
Saving checkpoints and logs for graphs.
Thanks!